Style unit suffix validation (#706)
nsidc/qgreenland: doc/contributor/how-to/contribute-styles.md

  `foo.qml`, then populate `style='foo'`.

## Continuous colormap considerations

Continuous colormaps, since QGIS 3.18, support displaying a gradient legend.

A colormap is continuous if its interpolation mode is set to "Linear" (in the QML, the
value is `"INTERPOLATE"`).

!["Linear" interpolation selected in the QGIS symbology
menu](/_images/qgis_symbology_linear_interpolation.png)

> These continuous legends won't display the units we populated in the "Label unit suffix"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These continuous legends will not display the units we populated in the "Label unit suffix"
```

~Couldn't~ Could not help myself ;)
